Suggest `npx @ember/octanify` to opt-in to the Octane preview (#290)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-09-25-ember-3-13-released.md

You can try out the Octane preview by disabling legacy behavior and specifying the Octane edition in `.ember-cli.js`.

To opt in to the Octane preview:

```bash
npx @ember/octanify
```

This command does a number of things for you automatically:

* Migrates your `.ember-cli` file to `.ember-cli.js`, and opts in to Octane via `setEdition('octane')` (which is provided by `@ember/edition-utils`)
* Ensures you have a new enough version of the `@ember/optional-features` addon installed
* Updates your set of optional features to:
  * disable [application-template-wrapper](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/optional-features/#toc_application-template-wrapper)
  * disable [jquery-integration](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/optional-features/#toc_jquery-integration)

>   * enable [template-only-glimmer-components](https://guides.emberjs.com/release/configuring-ember/optional-features/#toc_template-only-glimmer-components)

Reviewer: @rwjblue @CodingItWrong @chancancode Wanted to check in on getting this merged? Let me know, I'm same handle on Discord! 

✅ emberjs/ember-octanify#2 was merged

BTW the `npx` command also added `"default-async-observers": true` for me? I gave it a spin on https://github.com/ember-learn/ember-website repo.

cc @jenweber

Reviewer 2: @amyrlam we would still need an `octanify` release before we'd be able to post this.

Since I already did another PR to manually include the instructions, and since this post is a few months old, it may make sense to just close this PR

Reviewer: sounds good - that makes sense. will close, thanks @CodingItWrong!

If you need more information on how to migrate away from these legacy features, check out the [Octane release plan](https://blog.emberjs.com/2019/08/15/octane-release-plan.html) blog post.

To opt in to the Octane preview:

> 1. Migrate your projects `.ember-cli` file to `.ember-cli.js`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Rename your project's `.ember-cli` file to `.ember-cli.js`
```

> 2. add the following lines to the beginning of `.ember-cli.js`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. Add the following lines to the beginning of `.ember-cli.js`:
```
